Hunger never visits the home of a hard-working person; it only looks in through the window.
Benjamin Franklin
Historical necessities are clear only to a few people. It is an enormous blessing for a nation if these very people can decide its fate...
Charles De Gaulle
Politics is too serious a matter to leave it in the hands of politicians.
Charles De Gaulle
The Constitution should be the national inheritance, where people find both nourishment for the spirit and nourishment for the body.
François Noël Babeuf
A pessimist is a well-informed optimist.
Karel Čapek
Every day begins with a deep night.
Bob Dylan
Music should ignite a flame in a man's heart and fill a woman's eyes with tears.
Ludwig van Beethoven
Reason is our guide, but it often betrays us first.
Vincent van Gogh
Everything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
Gypsy Rose Lee
To desire friendship doesn't require much time, but friendship itself is a fruit that ripens slowly.
Aristotle
What sleep is to the body, friendship is to the soul – it refreshes our strength.
Cicero
To say that something exists, that it exists, and that something does not exist, that it does not exist, is truth.
Aristotle
If you want people to talk about you, the only way is to do good.
Voltaire
Taste and fashion restore everything to favor, except for what time has taken from us.
Margot Fonteyn
A nation may have one soul, one heart, one chest to expose, but woe to it if it has only one brain.
Stanisław Jerzy Lec
If you are a dog and your owner offers you a stylish sweater – suggest a stylish tail instead.
Fran Lebowitz
There is greater slavery where everything is agreed upon by everyone, than where nothing is agreed upon by anyone.
Andrzej Maksymilian Fredro
Earthly music is a reflection of the music of the spheres.
Pythagoras
As we grow older, we discover that the rarest thing is the courage to think.
Anatole France
And youth doesn't like penny-pinching, it doesn’t turn every coin in its fingers.
Ewa Szumańska
A pessimist is someone who, when faced with a choice between two evils, chooses both.
Oscar Wilde
I am convinced that Christians only matter when they bring peace.
John XXIII
Greater slavery exists where everything is agreed upon by everyone than where nothing is agreed upon by anyone.
Andrzej Maksymilian Fredro
I am a slave to work and I take pride in it.
Nikos Kazantzakis
The jokes of the powerful are always witty.
William Shakespeare
Reason is present only when people talk with one another.
Hans Georg Gadamer
Optimism and pessimism differ only in the date of the end of the world.
Stanisław Jerzy Lec
Sometimes we value someone too much to be able to love them.
Immanuel Kant
Oh, if the suffering soul knew how loved it is by God, it would die of joy and excess happiness! One day we will know the value of suffering, but then we will no longer be able to suffer.
Saint Faustina
For the government, before the elections, the voter is precious. After the elections, everything else becomes expensive.
Jean Rigaux
Negative joy, the joy of knowing the opponent is wrong, characterizes small people, incapable of taking responsibility for the whole.
Stefan Kisielewski
It is good to be famous, but it is surer to have money.
Seneca
When I paint – the ocean murmurs. Other painters splash around in hairdresser's water.
Salvador Dalí
By fighting against the elements, he overcomes the weakness of his muscles, conquers the struggle with a huge fish and the sea.
Ernest Hemingway
Conscience does not prevent us from committing sins, but it prevents us from enjoying them.
Salvador de Madariaga
Fashion that you cannot go out into the street wearing is not fashion.
Coco Chanel
And the best writers are talkative.
Luc De Vauvenargues
We men are so used to constantly eyeing women everywhere, that none of us approaches a young and handsome one without a secondary thought.
Henryk Sienkiewicz
Often, suffering teaches people.
Aesop
From time to time, one must sin, for otherwise, one loses the joy of virtue.
Ilona Bodden
For those who suffer, even the smallest joy is happiness.
Socrates
The greatest guilt is with those who do not want to listen to the truth.
Cicero
For a woman to be happy, she cannot change men like she changes shirts.
Honoré de Balzac
A man does not have friends; a man has only success.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Silence is the second power in the world after speech.
Jean Baptiste Henri Lacordaire
Time is money, and money is more than time.
Edgar Allan Poe
Do not waste energy on things that cause worry, anxiety, and torment. Only one thing is needed: love God.
Father Pio of Pietrelcina
The secret of life is not to do what you love, but to try to love what you have to do.
Mulock Craik Dianh Maria
What a nonsense that suffering enriches us. We learn much more when we are happy.
Françoise Sagan
Many people think they are thinking, while they are only changing prejudices.
William James
Whatever I see or hear while fulfilling my duties as a physician, even outside the scope of my medical activities, that which does not need to be made public, I will keep in silence, never speaking of it to anyone.
Hippocrates
Place all your worries about the future in God's hands and let Him lead you as a child.
Teresa Benedicta of the Cross (Edith Stein)
Poetry is the abolition of all restrictions except those the author chooses to impose on himself. Poetry may perhaps be the last area of freedom.
Mieczysław Jastrun
By fighting against the elements, he overcomes the weakness of his muscles, conquers the struggle with a huge fish and the sea.
Ernest Hemingway
Who, except God, can give you peace? Has the world ever been able to satisfy the heart?
Gerardo Majella